README.md, before:

# FortniteDropper
"Where are we dropping, boys?" is one of the most frequently asked questions for Fortnite players. I aim to fix that. This script is inspired by Reddit user /u/dansp51's post on /r/FortNiteBR.

This script has two modes. Mode 1, or Normal Mode, pastes either a named location or a coordinate close to a named location. These have been selected based on chest density which was pulled from the map on FortniteChests.info. Mode 2, or Hard Mode, pastes a completely random coordinate, which could be anywhere from Tilted Towers to the dead center of the ocean. Use your brain for this one.

The quotes have been formatted for Markdown and is intended for use on Discord.

## How do do it:

1. Run the executable file.
2. Find a text field where you want to write the location(Preferably Discord).
3. WIN+LSHIFT+D
4. Tada! Now you have a location. Good luck!

Mode switching is done by the combination WIN+CTRL+LSHIFT+D. This is a toggle and so it only needs to be done once to change between Normal Mode and Hard Mode. The hotkey was chosen so as to not disrupt any existing hotkeys in other programs.

The list now updates based on [DropList.txt](https://github.com/Juicysteak117/FortniteDropper/blob/master/DropList.txt) and thus no longer needs to be redownloaded.

[Download Link](https://github.com/Juicysteak117/FortniteDropper/releases/download/2.2/FortniteDropper.exe)

Commit message:

Included new hotkey and updated download link
And also fixed an egregious typo. How did that stay there?

README.md, after:

# FortniteDropper
"Where are we dropping, boys?" is one of the most frequently asked questions for Fortnite players. I aim to fix that. This script is inspired by Reddit user /u/dansp51's post on /r/FortNiteBR.

This script has two modes. Mode 1, or Normal Mode, pastes either a named location or a coordinate close to a named location. These have been selected based on chest density which was pulled from the map on FortniteChests.info. Mode 2, or Hard Mode, pastes a completely random coordinate, which could be anywhere from Tilted Towers to the dead center of the ocean. Use your brain for this one.

The quotes in Method 1 have been formatted for Markdown and is intended for use on Discord, whereas Method 2 does not require a text field.

## How to do it:

##### Method 1
1. Run the executable file.
2. Find a text field where you want to write the location(Preferably Discord).
3. WIN+LSHIFT+D
4. Tada! Now you have a location. Good luck!

### OR

##### Method 2
1. Run the executable file.
2. Win+LSHIFT+S
3. Tada! Now you have a location. Good luck!

Mode switching is done by the combination WIN+CTRL+LSHIFT+D or WIN+CTRL+LSHIFT+S. Use Method 1 if you would like to paste into a text field(i.e. so your friends can see) and use Method 2 if you don't want to paste into a text field(i.e. for solos). This is a toggle and so it only needs to be done once to change between Normal Mode and Hard Mode. The hotkeys were chosen so as to not disrupt any existing hotkeys in other programs.

The list now updates based on [DropList.txt](https://github.com/Juicysteak117/FortniteDropper/blob/master/DropList.txt) and thus no longer needs to be redownloaded.

[Download Link](https://github.com/Juicysteak117/FortniteDropper/releases/download/3.0/FortniteDropper.exe)
